
README file Instructions:
Names: Rahul Sharma, Blake Meyers
Class account username: Blake Meyers cssc0430,  Rahul Sharma cssc0417
Class information: CS530 Spring 2019
Assignment information: Assignment #1, HexDump. A basic hexdump program that opens a binary or text file, reads every byte in
the file and writes both the ASCII and hex value or Binary value for that byte as well as it’s printable
character to standard output. For bytes forming non-printable characters, prints a ‘.’character

Filename of this file: README
File manifest: xbd.cpp, xdb.h, Makefile, README,
Compile instructions: make
Operating instructions: To output in binary format then type xbd -b <filename>. To output in Hexadecimal
format then type xbd <filename>


List/description of novel/significant design decisions: The program is divided into two main functions,
handleHex and handleBinary, that dump the conents of the file in hex or binary depending on the arguments given.

List/description of any extra features/algorithms/functionality you included which were not required: N/A
List/description of all known deficiencies or bugs: N/A

Lessons Learned: Learned that we could use the hex and bitset functions by including libraries instead of making
functions from scratch to convert to hex and binary respectively. Learned how to read from file, how to make header and Makefile.






README file Instructions:
A README file is a text file which is usually distributed with the software project to provide a basic description of
the project and information a user may need in order to compile or operate the program.
At a minimum, all files in the project (source code, Makefile, README file, etc) shall contain:
Your name (and your partners name if a team project)
Your class account username (and your partners if a team project)
Class information (i.e. CS 570, Fall 2006)
Assignment information (i.e. Assignment #1, Process Manager)
Filename of this file (i.e. README)
At a minimum, the README file shall contain (in addition to the above):
File manifest (name of all files included in this project)
Compile instructions
Operating instructions (include any/all command line options/arguments, required inputs, etc)
List/description of novel/significant design decisions
List/description of any extra features/algorithms/functionality you included which were not required
List/description of all known deficiencies or bugs
Lessons Learned
